ohmyzsh/oh-my-zsh
ohmyzsh/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/1password
ohmyzsh/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/autojump
ohmyzsh/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/aws
ohmyzsh/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/brew
ohmyzsh/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/colored-man-pages
ohmyzsh/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/colorize
ohmyzsh/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/common-aliases
ohmyzsh/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/docker
ohmyzsh/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/docker-compose
ohmyzsh/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/fzf
ohmyzsh/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/gem
ohmyzsh/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/gh
ohmyzsh/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/git
ohmyzsh/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/gitfast
ohmyzsh/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/kubectl
ohmyzsh/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/macos
ohmyzsh/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/man
ohmyzsh/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/mvn
ohmyzsh/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/nvm
ohmyzsh/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/pip
ohmyzsh/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/rake
ohmyzsh/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/rbenv
ohmyzsh/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/ruby
ohmyzsh/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/yarn
ohmyzsh/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/z

Aloxaf/fzf-tab
djui/alias-tips
mafredri/zsh-async
zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions
zsh-users/zsh-completions
zsh-users/zsh-history-substring-search
zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting
