robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/1password
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/autojump
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/aws
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/brew
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/colored-man-pages
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/colorize
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/common-aliases
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/docker
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/docker-compose
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/fzf
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/gem
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/gh
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/git
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/gitfast
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/kubectl
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/macos
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/man
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/mvn
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/nvm
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/pip
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/rake
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/rbenv
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/ruby
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/yarn
robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh path:plugins/z

Aloxaf/fzf-tab
djui/alias-tips
mafredri/zsh-async
zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions
zsh-users/zsh-completions
zsh-users/zsh-history-substring-search
zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting
